In this video, we are going to go ahead
and start implementing the Spring Data
JPA Repositories. You've already
seen these in the course. I'm going to go ahead
and assign this to myself. This is going to be
number 39 that we're going to be working
on. We're going to go ahead and
implement the Spring Data JPA
Repositories. There's a number of
different ones that we can use. I'm going to
jump over to IntelliJ and talk through
that a little bit. This is an area that
does get some confusion. At the bottom
of this in the food chain, I guess, we
have the Repository interface. This is
the bottom of the Spring Data Repository.
A lot of things can inherit from those,
different flavors of the Repository. We
are going to be looking specifically at
the CrudRepository so we've implemented
our map implementation, very similar
to using this CrudRepository. We are
going to follow the repository pattern
and use of the CrudRepository. Now, there
are other implementations that also
inherit from this. There's the PagingAnd
SortingRepository, which adds in paging
and sorting, obviously, as the names
kind of implies. This extends out the
CrudRepository. Then there's
specifically one for JPA.
This extends out the PagingAnd
Sorting, which extends the CrudRepository so we inherit all the methods
in that, and then also, a query by example
executors. These are some pretty
advanced things that are available
within Spring Data and Spring Data JPA
that we can utilize if we have a use
case. At this time, we do not really have
a use case for it so I'm not going to
implement that. We are going to focus on
the CrudRepository interface, which will
allow us Spring Data JPA to provide an
implementation of this to our classes. So
this is what we're going to be implementing.
It's the CrudRepository. The other ones
do have advanced features and
functionality. I'm not going to get into at
this time. I want to reiterate
not using them because I don't
need that functionality. That's the
primary reason why I am not using those
other options. These are just
more tools inside of Spring Data that we
can use if we need them.  I
a lot of questions about why we used one
over the other and it's primarily the
reason why is what we need to use it for.
I'm going to go ahead and close this
all out.
Close all. Shrink that down. We
closed external libraries. I'm going to
go ahead and implement repositories for
all these. So we got our model services.
Now there's a couple different places I
could create it. I'm going to create it
right off the root of our main
project. It's called repositories.
In this, I'm going to create the
implementations. Now I could arguably
put it under services. I don't think
that's really necessary. What I want
to do is start implementing some of
repositories for us, so when it's a new
Java class. This is going to be an
interface. Let's create a owner, an
OwnerRepository.
It's going to
extend out
the CrudRepository.
In this case, it's going to be a
typing ID so we are going to do Owner.
We can see that
we have a couple objects there so we
want the model, the entity that we've
implemented.
We're going to do a Long. Just to
reiterate what we're doing here, the
CrudRepository takes in two generic
properties. A T for the type of the entity
and the ID value, the ID value of the
entity. So I come over here and let's
go into Owner.
That extends out that Person and BaseEntity. The ID value is a Long, so
that's why we're specifying Owner and
then the Long. At this point, I don't
need to implement anything else. Like you
saw previously, we can implement query
methods. If we have a need, we will do
that. At this point, we don't have a need.
But I do want to go in and implement the
rest. So, Owner is going to be implemented.
Person will never going to implement.
Let's go ahead and add in a Pet
Repository.
This is also going to be Pet, Long.
PetType, PetTypeRepository.
It's being interface. We'll go ahead
and implement that extends
CrudRepository.
PetType and also a Long
Specialty. We'll set up a
SpecialtyRepository.
You should add some interface. Create
that extends out Crud
Repository,
Specialty and Long.
Let's see what we need.
Vet.
You can see here, I'm got a red
squiggly line. What happened was I
made a mistake. I say class rather than
interface.
That is easily fixed. Finally, we
need a VisitRepository.
I'll make that interface
this time so we don't get that error.
You can see I've added in six new
repository interfaces. Because all
these are JPA entities, Spring Data JPA
is going to provide us instances of
these at runtime automatically, so we
will get those available for our use in
the Spring context. Some of these, I
don't know if we're going to have a direct
use case for. I just kinda went through
blanket and added in repositories for
all our entities, so if we do need to use
a repository we will have it there. When
you get to the end of the project, maybe
we're not using one or more of these
perhaps. We'll see. When we get down to
being complete with this. But I suspect
we're going to find a need for most of
them. Now I do want to toggle over and
take a look at the implementation here.
You can see what they've done here.
They organized their structure more
by model, so we have the model, the owner.
Within the owner package, we have an
OwnerController, OwnerRepository, Pet, all
things being related to Owner. I
think what they did is kind of made this
more oriented to setting up micro
services, so they took the domain and
made the domain kind of drive the
packages and the relationships there.
Perhaps we'll refactor that. The
structure that I have, I kind of prefer I
know where my repositories are. I know
where my model is. So I'm kind of going
more functional in my approach where
they are more domain oriented. Domain
being the objects that they're working
with. Just a different spin. We're doing
effectively the same thing but we have
the organization different. This is
more of my opinion. I'm not saying it's
right or wrong. That's just the way I am
have chosen to implement it. So in case
there's any questions around that. Again,
I'm just talking about the package
structure. You can see here, they have
organized by owner and if you look like
by vet, you can see that that has
Specialty, VetController, VetRepository all in one package, where I'm
spreading out more by the functionality.
So the objective of this video was to
add in the Spring Data Repositories.
Fairly simple implimentation of six
interfaces. I'm going to go ahead and
close out this issue now and we will jump
to the next task in the next video.